edits on span/tracing docs (#10378)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/pricing/quotas/manage-transaction-quota.mdx

## SDK Filtering: beforeSendTransaction

Sentry SDKs send transactions, each of which contain an arbitrary number of spans. Some Sentry SDKs support the `beforeSendTransaction` callback method. Once implemented, this method is invoked when the SDK captures a transaction event, right before sending it to your Sentry account. Because it receives the transaction event object as a parameter, you can use it to modify the event's data or drop the event completely (by returning `null`) based on your custom logic and the data available on the event, such as _tags_, _environment_, _release version_, _transaction name_, and so on. Note that only transaction events pass through `beforeSendTransaction`. Error and message events have a separate method, `beforeSend`, which is supported in all SDKs. Learn more about both methods in [Filtering Events](/platform-redirect/?next=/configuration/filtering/).

## SDK Configuration: Tracing Options

> When you configure your SDK, you can control the number of transactions and therefore, the number of spansthat are sent to Sentry by setting the [tracing options](/platform-redirect/?next=/configuration/options/%23tracing-options), including either setting a sample rate or providing a function for sampling. You can also set up [custom instrumentation](/platform-redirect/?next=/performance/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation/) for tracing to capture certain types of transactions.

Reviewer: @vivianyentran missing space in between spans and that

> When you configure your SDK, you can control the number of transactions and therefore, the number of spansthat are sent to Sentry by setting the [tracing options](/platform-redirect/?next=/configuration/options/%23tracing-options), including either setting a sample rate or providing a function for sampling. You can also set up [custom instrumentation](/platform-redirect/?next=/performance/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation/) for tracing to capture certain types of transactions.

Author: ```suggestion
When you configure your SDK, you can control the number of transactions and therefore, the number of spans that are sent to Sentry by setting the [tracing options](/platform-redirect/?next=/configuration/options/%23tracing-options), including either setting a sample rate or providing a function for sampling. You can also set up [custom instrumentation](/platform-redirect/?next=/performance/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation/) for tracing to capture certain types of transactions.
```
